---
layout: post
title: "ICFEM 2020: Call for paper"
description: "Please submit your work"
comments: true
---

22nd International Conference on Formal Engineering Methods (ICFEM 2020), 2-6 November 2020, Singapore.


http://formal-analysis.com/icfem/2020/


Since 1997, ICFEM provides a forum for both researchers and practitioners who are interested in developing practical formal methods for software engineering or applying existing formal techniques to improve the software development process in practice systems. Formal Methods for the development of computer systems have been extensively researched and studied. We now have good theoretical understandings of how to describe what programs do, how they do it, and why they work. A range of semantic theories, specification languages, design techniques, verification methods, and supporting tools have been developed and applied to the construction of programs of moderate size that are used in critical applications. The remaining challenge now is how to deal with problems in developing and maintaining large scale and complex computer systems.


The goal of this conference is to bring together industrial, academic, and government experts, from a variety of user domains and software disciplines, to help advance state of the art. Researchers, practitioners, tool developers, users, and technology transfer experts are all welcome. We are interested in work that has been incorporated into real production systems, and in theoretical work that promises to bring practical, tangible engineering benefits.


Scope and Topics:
Submissions related to the following principal themes are encouraged, but any topics relevant to the field of formal engineering methods and their practical applications will also be considered:

- Abstraction, refinement, and evolution
- Formal specification and modelling
- Formal verification and analysis
- Model checking
- Formal approaches to software testing and inspection
- Formal methods for self-adaptive systems
- Formal methods for object-oriented systems
- Formal methods for component-based systems
- Formal methods for concurrent and real-time systems
- Formal methods for cloud computing
- Formal methods for cyber-physical systems
- Formal methods for software safety and security
- Formal methods for software reliability and dependability
- Development, integration, and experiments involving verified systems
- Formal certification of products under international standards
- Formal model-based development and code generation

Important Dates:
Full Paper Submissions: 1 May 2020 (AoE)
Workshop/Tutorial Proposals: 20 March 2020
Acceptance/Rejection Notification: 19 June 2020
Camera-ready: 17 July 2020

Submission and Publication:
Submissions to the conference must not have been published or be concurrently considered for publication elsewhere. All submissions will be judged on the basis of originality, contribution to the field, technical and presentation quality, and relevance to the conference. The proceedings will be published in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science series.

Papers should be written in English and should not exceed 16 pages in LNCS format (more details here). Submissions should be made through the ICFEM 2020 submission page, handled by the EasyChair conference management system.

https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icfem20

Workshop or tutorial proposals should be directly sent to the Workshop Chair via email. Each proposal should include (1) title, scope, and aims, (2) brief bio of the organizer or lecturer, and (3) postal and email addresses.

Organising Committee:

General Co-Chairs
Jin Song Dong, National University of Singapore and Griffith University, Singapore/Australia
Jim McCarthy, Defence Science and Technology, Australia

Program Co-Chairs
Shang-Wei Lin, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore
Zhe Hou, Griffith University, Australia
Brendan Mahony, Defence Science and Technology, Australia

Finance Chair
Yang Liu, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore

Jun Sun, Singapore University of Technology and Design, Singapore

Workshop Chair
Hadrien Bride, Griffith University, Australia

Doctoral Symposium Chair
Lei Ma, Kyushu University, Japan
